hi guys hi YouTube today I'm gonna show
you how to download my new windows seven
team it is John Cena okay oh you can see
our Explorer and this is utorrent which
also got converted in this and
everything else is not really changed
but you did in black teams your apps
also get black which I don't really like
and for this I've made a a new and get
that color of that really looks sane you
can see our apps are looking same okay
now we're gonna go first we have to
extract it by clicking on extract here
you need wind rat don't worry i'll give
it to you someday you can see the
previews Oh stuff from Peavy 10 next
yeah let's go that's also cool and now
also use super cool
or if they came out to know it's how
super cool guys I've got to show you
everything now now open communicative
properties and it's how it looks
for winter and that's all I have Oh get
away just one thing you to do is just
disable this idiot idiot you can
see the worries its transparency black
glass enhanced where I got to let chilly
you see this is cancer kills actually Oh
John Cena for ha ok team the Dowling for
this rare will be in the description oh
man I'm getting slower ok there's a
first installation team results you need
to do this first actually it's ok
as you can see too many had problems
x64 or x86 anybody it doesn't really let
us open this and ok i'll choose English
you can choose any one three files has
been patched you will have three files
need to be patched and you will click
patch patch patch as I have restore
restore restore very easy ok team
bristles changer there are only x86x64
old I'll go for the x64 ok yes i've
already installed it guys sorry so you
will get a CZ
to install it okay
ah there's the team John Cena set up
except that install and then finish okay
and then it's done is that yes we're
done and then end of the day you have to
go for black class enhanced remember
that just keep it in a start-up fool or
somewhere there experiment room there's
a fall I have made shirt sorry God sorry
I just got a little bit of cold okay
we're back and we've to end the video as
well so you saw everything even utorrent
gets into it a beautiful start menu and